The government should spend more money supporting the arts than in supporting athletics such as state-sponsored Olympic teams.

The issue that government should give financial aid to artists or athletes is highly debatable. On the one hand, artists produce some impressive artworks containing profound thinking of society and the world, enabling people to think about social problems and issues. On the other hand, athletes who win the championship in the Olympic games or other international competitions can give people a sense of pride. However, in the ultimate analysis, the government should support artists rather than athletes.

Granted, professional athletes work day and night to strengthen their bodies and study competition strategy, sparing no effort to increase their competitiveness in sports matches. The title they earn in the international competition is not only for themselves but also for the country, which motivates people to participate in exercises and form a healthy lifestyle. 

However, it is less possible for them to suffer financial burdens since many companies invite them to serve as the image ambassador of the products or participate in advertisements. The company can spread a positive image of products and earn money through athletes’ efforts. In the meanwhile, athletes obtain high salaries. As for artists, they don’t have this kind of opportunity because of the lack of reputation and influence, which means they have to earn money more challenging and unstable way.

Moreover, financial aid given to artists can protect cultural heritage. Nowadays, because the pace of life is getting faster and hastier, more and more people ignore the cultural heritage, the traditional art formation, putting many artists into a dilemma of developing other careers or struggling with daily expenses. Take Chinese painting as an example. Even though it has a long history, people tend to appreciate modern art rather than traditional. Some art schools even cancel the courses in Chinese painting. All these aspects force Chinese painting artists to find a part-time job or turn to modern arts, leaving them less time and energy on traditional painting, which is a massive loss for the inheritance of cultural heritage. If they receive enough money for their life, they will totally devote themselves to their original career, which is beneficial for the innovation and succession of cultural heritage. 

Considering all the factors mentioned before, the government should spend more money to support artists.

It is quite a common phenomenon that our teachers or meeting leaders will make mistakes during the class or meeting. No matter how severe the errors are, they will put all of us into a dilemma. On the one side, interrupting the speakers seems rude and inopportune. On the other side, if they have never noticed the mistakes, it will lead to some bad consequences, including misunderstanding of the listeners and the deprivation of their reputation. Which way is most efficient, putting forward mistakes immediately, having face-to-face communication after a conference or remaining silent? In the ultimate analysis, the proper way to fix this embarrassment is to wait and talk to speakers in leisure time.

Granted, correcting mistakes in time can help people follow the pace of speakers. However, the speakers may feel embarrassed when being interrupted and pointing something wrong, which may cause unexpected chaos and unnecessary discussion. For example, last semester, I had a class called signal and liner system whose teacher is in his first year. As a required electronic and information engineering course, it contained lots of mathematical formulas and profound knowledge points. One day our teacher mistakenly wrote a positive sign as negative, which was a really small question to most of us. Unfortunately, some students interrupted the teacher and pointed out the problem without hesitation, resulting in a heated discussion. It turned out the professor felt so embarrassed to finish his speech as expected.

Moreover, saying nothing is even worse than indicating the mistakes immediately. It is likely that not all people can realize the problem, and these people will be misled. Gradually, some mistakes will accumulate into irretrievable ones and cause undesirable consequences. Such as, in the aerospace and venture speculation industries, some minor deviations will cause spacecraft crash and huge loss of money.

Compared with the solutions mentioned before, talking to the speakers alone after class or a meeting seems euphemistic and roundabout. Firstly, the class and meetings can proceed orderly. Besides, the speakers will tell between right and wrong, and the truth will be conveyed to attendances next time, which avoids some unnecessary loss. In addition, we can exchange our views, which gives speakers positive feedback and increase one’s communication ability.

The issue of whether the influence of television and movies is positive or negative on young people is highly debatable. On the one hand, the appearance of various movies and television with profound life meanings is quite beneficial to youth development, helping them take a breath from peer pressure and busy assignments in the meanwhile. On the other hand, sometimes television programs are packed with violent behaviours, bloody scenes and bad language, which will guide young people to mimic. In the ultimate analysis, I contend that movies and television are harmful to youths’ development.

Granted, the development and prevalence of television do expand the entertaining ways and help young people broaden their horizons. Many television programs such as Running man and talent show convey a positive and right world of view to young people by erecting many perseverant and hard-working people. Even though their life is tough and full of frustrations, they still stay calm and optimistic and spare no effort to chase their dreams, which motivate young people to work hard and never quit when confronted with obstacles in their daily life.

However, in the long run, television is a curse rather than a blessing to young people. First of all, television shows may lead to young people’s behaviour problems and even put them in danger. Recently, with the development of technology, nearly every family has equipped their home with a television and made the internet available, which stimulates the spread of some restricted movies and television programs. Young people who lack the ability to tell right from wrong may imitate these bad behaviours and put them into practice, leading to some unimaginative consequences. A real example can be traced to 2010 when a young boy intentionally burned his friend by imitating the popular animation named Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf. 

Moreover, television will result in the attention distraction of young people, which is not good for their self-development. In order to appeal to the audience and hits rate, television programs always adopt technologies to create dynamic images, considerable characters and constant-change music. Because of all these traits, young people are prone to suffer from attention deficit disorder, gradually lacking the ability to concentrate on study. For example, my cousin, who indulged in television, couldn’t help watching television after school. Little by little, his academic performance was in a dramatic decline. 

Considering all the aspects mentioned before, I think television has more negative effects on young people.

Social rules play a significant role in today’s society, forcing people to behave properly and develop good habits. However, whether or not the rules for youth today are strict is highly debatable. Some people think that social rules for young people today are too strict since young people are restricted and not allowed to do many things, while others believe that these rules are quite reasonable and necessary for giving youth an appropriate worldview and preventing them from bad behaviours. In the ultimate analysis, I contend that recent social rules are beneficial for young people. 

Granted, social rules do prohibit young people from doing abundant and various things which are open to adults. For example, they are forbidden to smoke, drink wine and play games online or surf the internet in the internet bars, which may seem to make their life colourful and entertaining, not just for campus study. 

However, these kinds of activities are a curse rather than a blessing for youth because they may result in addiction to video games, wines and even some drugs, which are harmful to their development and health. Take hemp as an example. Hemp, a kind of drug which contains some harmful chemical substance, is prevalent during youth. According to recent research, young people make up 30% of the population who smoke hemp cigarettes even though the social rules don’t allow them to do so. This drug will lead to many mental and physical diseases such as anxiety, attention deficit disorder, insomnia and so on, distracting their attention and bringing huge damage to their bodies. 

Moreover, social rules serve as brilliant lights which guide youth to the right destination in the ocean of society. Society expects young people to go to school and spend their time in fundamental studies. For instance, china offers every student nine-year compulsory education. The purpose of this requirement is to broaden and solidify their knowledge base and expand their horizons. In this case, students obtain a good deal of basic subject knowledge, such as math and science, as well as the principle of life. All these aspects are beneficial not only to their further study in university but also to their connection with others in society, enabling them more opportunities to succeed. 

Considering all the factors mentioned before, social rules are reasonable and helpful to young people. 

In this set of materials, the reading passage puts forward three possible ways to prevent The Salton Sea from becoming saltier, whereas the listening passage argues that none of these solutions is practical and reasonable.

Firstly, it is said in the passage that using some special desalination facilities to remove the amount of salt from the lake is a good way to solve the problem. However, the lecture suggests the opposite. The speaker says that when the water in the facilities evaporates, solid material will be left, which contains toxic gasses such as selenium, bringing some irreversible damage to human health. Therefore, the workers are confronted with risks.

Secondly, the lecture states that the government won’t have enough money to build the pipelines whose purpose is to transform the water from the ocean since the Pacific Ocean is one thousand kilometres away from the lake, leading to the high cost of this solution. This undermines the reading’s claim that using ocean water dilutes the salt level of the lake.

Finally, the lecture indicates that the lake is in a region with intensive and strong plate movement, leading to frequent earthquakes which will break down the walls of the lake. This is contrary to the statement in the passage that building some walls divides the lake into different sections to control the salinity. 

Recently, Part-time jobs have become an indispensable part of our life since they provide not only the opportunity to get in touch with other professional workers but also real work experience. So the issue of whether parents should help their children by encouraging them to find a part-time job is highly debatable. On the one hand, children suffer from more pressure because of peer competition. On the other hand, part-time jobs help them integrate into society better. In the ultimate analysis, I highly recommend children take a part-time job.

Granted, in this era of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, children have to spare no effort to increase their competitiveness to achieve success. The opportunities seem relatively limited compared to the endless population growth. For instance, my nephew always complains about all the extracurricular classes he has during the weekend- piano lessons at 8, English at 10, mathematical competition tutoring in the afternoon, and a dance lesson in the evening. With such insurmountable stress, it leaves little time for them to take a part-time job, which often requires five-day work per week and eight-hour per day.

However, in the long term, a part-time job is a blessing rather than a curse to children. To begin with, it helps children cultivate social abilities, paving the way for their self-development. Take me as an example. When I worked as a part-time automatic control engineer assistant in Supcon, I was offered a chance to attend hardware delivery tests and live debugging. As an assistant, my task was to bring the feedback of customers to the master worker and help him figure out the problems, which required me to have clear expression and communication skills. By participating in these activities, I learned how to communicate with people of different levels. 

Moreover, a part-time job can help children prepare themselves for a future career. The theoretical knowledge they obtain through study tends to be relatively extensive, while the practical application needs to be specialized at a certain point. Therefore, through a part-time job in certain fields, students can narrow the gap between realities and theory and put what they learned into practice. For example, the grounding of electronic devices in the company is quite sophisticated due to the various circumstances. In addition, it is necessary to set the protective ground and working ground to protect the worker and devices at the same time. All of these are less likely to be mentioned in the book.

The social nature of human beings puts every one of us in constant contact with our community. So the issue of whether young people have less time to do some favours to the communities is highly debatable. On the one hand, young people today are under too much social and peer pressure. On the other hand, their teachers and parents will push them to participate in some activities to help communities. In the ultimate analysis, I contend that young people today do not dedicate sufficient time to helping their communities.

To begin with, in this era of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, the youth have to spare no effort to increase their competitiveness so as to achieve success. In other words, they are confronted with unprecedented pressures which come from the university entrance examination and job-hunting since the opportunities are relatively limited compared to the endless growth of the population. For instance, my nephew often complains about all the extracurricular classes he has to take during the weekend- piano lessons at 8, English at 10, mathematical competition tutoring in the afternoon, and a dance lesson in the evening. With such insurmountable stress, it is impossible for them to spend time in communities.

Moreover, the ever-accelerated development of technology deprives their communication with the community, which drives the youth further away from contributing to the community. The proliferation of the Internet tightly occupies their limited leisure time. The video games containing fascinating scenery and refreshing competitive experiences, the interesting television programs such as talk shows and talent shows can help them take a breath from their daily routine and cheer them up in their study. In the meantime, administrators who are middle-aged people with insufficient knowledge of modern technologies fail to get in touch with young people, which hinders the youth’s access to information from the community. 

Last but not least, less devotion to a community may be greatly attributed to a weaker awareness of altruism. People now tend to be more self-centred, and all they would like to do is for their own sake—to obtain more money, to get promoted and so on. So, helping the communities for nothing seems to be foolish in most young people’s eyes. Once I helped repair the exercise facilities in my neighbourhood. All of my friends laughed at my so-called foolish behaviour.

Nowadays, people pay more attention to career choices which have an impact on all aspects of people’s life. So the issue of whether a person should take a job offer immediately or wait for a better option based on one’s situation is highly debatable. On the one hand, getting a secure job provide people with a stable life. On the other hand, a satisfying job can promote one’s efficiency. In the ultimate analysis, I prefer to be engaged in the proper job.

Granted, careers which fit your taste can increase one’s working efficiency and enthusiasm. If people do what they like, they are more willing to tap their potential and dig into a certain field so as to expand their knowledge. In addition, they will try their best to complete the arduous projects. On the contrary, when confronted with obstacles in a boring job, they tend to lose patience and enthusiasm, resulting in low working efficiency.

However, in the long term, to begin with, we should never ignore the guarantee a secure job provides since it has a lower threshold. The satisfying job opportunities seem to be relatively limited compared to the endless population growth. In this era of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, people have to spare no effort to enhance their competitiveness to achieve success. The intensive competitiveness of today’s society leads to the phenomenon that even students who graduated from famous universities with a high degree are less likely to get a satisfying job. 

Moreover, a secure job is an appropriate choice since it gives them not only a considerable salary as well as experience, which is beneficial to their self-development. The money they earned could be used in investments such as stocks, funds and other financial speculation. And the working experience helps them get promoted in the company. Over time, starting an inappropriate job can also become satisfying since people will cultivate their interests during work when praised by leadership or finishing a tough project.

Education seems to be an important part of today’s society since it determines the future development and career choice of children to a large extent. So the issue of whether recent parents pay more attention to their children’s education is highly debatable. On the one hand, parents become more concerned about their education. On the other hand, parents in the past have more time to supervise their children. In the ultimate analysis, I contend this kind of involvement is becoming more intensive than ever.

Granted, parents in the past tended to have more time to involve in their children’s studies. The social and peer pressures are not as high as today at that period, which means getting up early to catch the subway, working overtime at night and carrying assignments back home are not common for most families. In this way, parents will have more time to push their children to finish their daily homework and help them address learning problems immediately.

However, in the long term, even though nowadays parents are confronted with more and more obstacles, their emphasis on education has only increased. To begin with, in this era of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, children have to spare no effort to increase their competitiveness to achieve success. The opportunities are relatively limited compared to the endless population growth, which makes the education background really vital in society. For instance, only the talents who graduate from famous universities or gain master even doctor degrees are qualified to work in the top 500 companies. Therefore, there is no doubt their parents will do a lot of favour to their children, from checking out their routine homework to founding them acquire multiple skills.

Moreover, parents are forced to put more effort into their children’s education by teachers. For example, my nephew’s class adviser demands all of the parents attend group chat via Wechat. And all the parents are informed that the homework will be assigned in this group chat, and parents are supposed to help children fulfil the certain tasks. However, parents in the past did not bear such responsibilities.

Education seems to be an important part of people’s life since it not only reflects the strength of a country but also paves the way for one’s self-development. So the issue of whether providing more financial support to professors can improve the quality of education is highly debatable. On the one hand, professors deserve a high salary for their outstanding contribution to society. On the other hand, apart from the faculty salaries, the university needs to spend money on many aspects. In the ultimate analysis, I contend investing money in more aspects makes more sense rather than increasing the income level of professors.

Granted, professors in universities are supposed to lead students to do some cutting-edge research as well as projects, costing a lot of time and energy. So if their salary is low, they refuse to dedicate themselves to research or routine courses, which is detrimental to the students and the reputation of the university. On the contrary, they will become more enthusiastic and energetic with a high salary, which absolutely contributes to vivid courses and successful research.

However, it is a common phenomenon that these professors who have deep attainments in a certain academic field will receive investment and reward from the government and society. Therefore the money given to the professors can be used in a more meaningful way. To begin with, the university should update its advanced facilities, equipment and infrastructures. These enable the professor to give a fantastic speech and increase students’ learning passion. For instance, as a physics major student, I was fascinated by the laser device as well as electron emission instruments in a laboratory. As a result, I seldom miss the courses and got an A for this class. All these equipment will cost a large quantity of money. 

In addition, universities are supposed to build long-term relationships with certain businesses, in which way, students are able to take internships in related fields and apply theories into practice. The ultimate aim of a college education is to prepare students for their future job. Through internships or part-time jobs in certain fields, students can narrow the gap between realities and theory. Moreover, it gives them a good opportunity for group work and cooperation, helping them cultivate communication and management abilities.

Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is more enjoyable to have a job where you work only three days a week for long hours than to have a job where you work five days a week for shorter hours. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

We are long used to five days of work with eight hours per day. Nowadays, more and more companies offer another choice of working pattern- working three days a week for long hours. So the issue of whether working fewer days with more time is better than the previous pattern is highly debatable. On the one hand, working three days a week can obviously reduce daily commute time. On the other hand, the traditional working style seems more acceptable to those who have already been familiar with it. In the ultimate analysis, I prefer working long hours rather than 5 days a week.

Granted, working shorter hours can promote employees’ efficiency. As we all know, the time people can totally dedicate themselves to assignments or tasks is quite limited every day, which means after working for a long time, people will find it hard to concentrate on their work. For example, last summer vacation, I went to Supcon corporation for an internship. The first three days, I worked during lunch hours in order to cope with more tasks while other colleagues tended to have a snap. Unfortunately, I found myself sleepy and easily distracted by other things in the afternoon. After that experience, I learned to rest and ensured working efficiency. 

However, in the long term, long-time but less-day work has more benefits. To begin with, working a long time means one can have more time to enjoy a flexible schedule. It is a common phenomenon that in today’s society, many companies will set up their office area remote from the city, forcing people to spend abundant time on a daily commute. Still, take my internship as an example. It took me at least two hours per day to take the subway to the company. All this time can be used to do whatever they want, fine dining with their families, exercise to strengthen their bodies, or attend meaningful activities. In this way, when they come back to work, workers will be energetic and enthusiastic about working with a clear mind.

In addition, there is an increasing tendency for many employees to be forced to work overtime, sometimes even without pay. Obviously, a longer-hour workday suits them better. They can take better rests in another 4 days and resume their work with full energy next week. For instance, IT engineers in many companies often work till 9 pm because they do not want to leave some minor bugs to the next day, and sometimes the tasks are tough and time-consuming.

The issue of whether young people have an impact on the progress of our society and future is highly debatable. On the one hand, some think youth lack the social experience to perform as well as the old. On the other hand, young people are more energetic and innovative, which is critical to the development of society. In the ultimate analysis, I contend youth should be taken into consideration when determining the future of society.

Granted, compared with sophisticated and experienced old people, young people seem to be immature and will make more mistakes since they have little connection with society. When confronted with obstacles, young people are likely to become hasty, inconsiderate and gullible, while the older can make appropriate and comprehensive solutions and plans based on their life experience, pushing the company to hire the wise old bird rather than the green hand. For example, last summer vacation, I went to Supcon corporation for an internship, the automation engineers who have worked for several years can quickly and precisely find the question in a second, while I need hours or even one day to cope with the problem.

However, in the long term, the youth have endless potential to change the world. To begin with, never should we ignore the creativity of youth. For certain tasks and projects, only young people are qualified since they have a high demand for innovation. And old people tend to be slow in reaction and stick to convention, making them not fit for these tasks. For instance, a high-technology company prefer to hire IT engineers for a new application project under 35 years old since young engineers are more willing to dedicate themselves to work with creative thoughts. During the brainstorming, they can come up with various ideas immediately and bring a heated discussion on the point of view until they reach an agreement.

In addition, youth are more tolerant of high pressure as well as overtime work. It is quite a common phenomenon that with the growth of age, people’s physical strength goes downhill. According to health research, the possibility that young people get seriously ill is 10 percent, while for people above 50 years, it’s 50 percent. And in this era of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, companies should try to increase competitiveness in price, service or efficiency in order to beat their rivals. An easy approach to realize this goal is to extend the work time. So the youth have advantages in these fields.

There are plenty of assignments students need to do in school. Some are personal, while others require group cooperation. So the issue of whether group work benefits students more is highly debatable. On the one hand, independent assignment enables students in more flexible scheduling. On the other hand, working in a group can cultivate their communication ability. In the ultimate analysis, I contend to accomplish tasks in a group.

Granted, working alone does have some advantages. If you are in a team, you have to set aside some time for group discussion, which should be in conflict with your daily routine. In addition, arguments are quite common due to the fact that everyone has their own thoughts or views toward the tasks. On the contrary, working individually gives students opportunities to manage the assignments more properly and is time-saving. Students themselves are the leaders who can decide what to do first and next and alter the plan whenever they want.

However, in the long term, teamwork is more beneficial to students’ self-development. To begin with, working in a team can promote efficiency, helping students to solve tough problems they encounter much more easily. For example, last semester, when we were required to finish a project called a mathematical contest in modelling, we felt stressed and confused because of the complex mathematical formula as well as profound knowledge. Fortunately, the project was divided into several parts after discussion, and team members supervised and assisted each other. Alice did some data analysis, Jack collected some modal information, and I was in charge of paper writing, which helped us walk out of the chaos and gain a good grade.

Moreover, group working paves the way for better communication capacity of students. In a team, before the project starts to operate, the plans and ideas need to be established. During brainstorming or other kinds of communication, students are supposed to express their opinions and come up with new ways to address the same issue, and this can never be possible for those who merely depend on themselves when carrying out projects. They learn to be a good listener when others put forward their opinions and a good negotiator when making the most appropriate choice between various feasible ideas. All of these are pretty crucial and significant after they enter society.

The mechanism behind this is simple: when working in a group, each one has to finish their own parts according to the group schedule. As we all know, many students are inclined to procrastinate till the last minute, and if they work alone, they will probably miss the deadline or get a lower score due to poor quality. However, if they work in a group, other team members will push them forward and monitor their performance. So, to these students with procrastination, working in a group is definitely a more favorable choice.

With the ever-accelerated updating of science and technology, cell phone, the internet, and video games are becoming an indispensable part of today’s society. However, as we all know, technology is a double-edged sword. It has positive impacts as well as negative ones. So the issue of whether children’s education is affected by these modern technologies is highly debatable. On the one hand, all these things will distract their attention from their study. On the other hand, the thriving technologies make their study more convenient. From my perspective, I contend these technologies enhance their study quality.

Granted, children who have not established their own standards to tell right from wrong are likely to be influenced by this technological innovation and progressions. As we all know, the internet is inundated with various information, some of which involve drug abuse, quick marriage and divorce and many scandals. Children may spontaneously imitate these bad behaviours, and when they grow up, they probably will be addicted to poisonous things such as drugs and alcohol, which is definitely harmful to their health and self-development. In addition, video games with fascinating scenes and sound can easily draw their attention away from their study.

However, in the long term, technology is a blessing rather than a curse to children’s education. To begin with, technology gives children more opportunities to get in touch with more knowledge. Take me as a good example. As a university student who majors in computer science. I must translate many practical problems into a programming language such as python. Sometimes the problems are extremely complex and require a complex and valid mathematical foundation, which is far beyond our curriculum, making us anxious and helpless. At this moment, some websites like GitHub as well as CSDN provide us with open-source code and knowledge, which is helpful to our study and project.

Moreover, the internet makes education simpler and clearer. Thanks to abundant advanced applications on the cell phone, students find it not difficult to grasp the most scientific learning methods. For instance, in the past, children learned new words in the textbook without audio format, which led to the children couldn’t speak the words with correct pronunciations children’s false pronunciations or even mute English; today, children can are allowed to study those new words by the cell phone and they can read after the native speaker’s voice through the audio format in the cell phone.

Famous entertainers and athletes are always the centres of our society. People focus on not only their achievements but also their private life. Therefore, whether celebrities’ lives are over-exposed is highly debatable. On the one hand, having more personal privacy is a fundamental right of all citizens. On the other hand, as well-known stars, famous people ought to be supervised by the public. In the ultimate analysis, I contend that the privacy of these people should be protected.

Granted, bringing their lives on stage does have some advantages. To be specific, in view of their solid fan foundation as well as their extensive social influence, famous entertainers and athletes earn more money than other people, which means they also need to pay more taxes to the government. Account of avoiding tax evasion, their annual revenue is supposed to be revealed to the public. According to the 2019 government tax report in china, it is obvious that the total tax paid by some celebrities didn’t match their salaries, leading to a huge loss for the government and the country.

However, in the long term, the over-revelation of their privacy is a curse rather than a blessing. To begin with, decreasing the exposure of their daily schedule will help protect the security of themselves as well as their fanatic fans. Many dog packs will put the daily routine of stars on the internet in order to gain the network hits to make money. With the ever-accelerated updating of the internet, the message will spread at a staggering rate, leading fans who are eager to meet their idols to influx into airports or railway stations to present flowers or take photos. This will lead to horrific jams in public facilities and even cause stampedes and casualties. 

In addition, famous people always involve in drug abuse, quick marriage and divorce and many scandals, which set up negative examples for their fans. A large part of their fans is young kids who have not established their own standards to tell right from wrong, resulting in their blind imitation and bad behaviours. When they grow up and are access to drugs and alcohol, they probably will be addicted to these poisonous things, which is harmful to their health and self-development.

Considering all the aspects mentioned before, the privacy of celebrities should be protected, and their positive aspects must be magnified so as to cheer their fans up.

Nowadays, education is becoming an indispensable part of society, which is placed great expectations by people, for it determines one’s future to a great extent. So the issue of how the government invests in education is highly debatable. On the one hand, primary school education lays the foundation for further study. On the other hand, the strengths of the universities are significant for the educational reputation of a country. In the ultimate analysis, I contend that universities require more financial aid than primary school.

Granted, through primary school study, children are capable of fundamental knowledge, which is the prerequisite of one’s self-development. Basic knowledge such as math which helps students figure out complex physics or chemical formulas, and English, which enables us to understand profound papers or essays. Without all of these, students will find it is really tough in a follow up studies in high school or university. In this case, they are likely to lose confidence and enthusiasm, leading to their failure in future. In addition, the youth is at a stage where learning habits have not yet formed, so they seemly need more support.

However, in the long term, the situations the university students are confronted with are more arduous than youth. First of all,  college education requires much more expensive equipment, while primary education only involves ideological teaching. Take me as a good example. As a physics major student, we need to spend abundant time on practical experiments with expensive equipment. The laser device, as well as electron emission instruments in the laboratory, will cost a large quantity of money, let alone those consumables. Therefore, objectively college education has a significant demand in budget.

Moreover, the university is supposed to offer students the necessary financial aid since the tuition is high and parents tend to pay more for little kids rather than university students who have already grown up. To be specific, surgeons and attorneys have a long-term cultivating circle which means they are only able to earn money after they get doctor’s degrees. In view of this circumstance, the university should provide some part-time job opportunities and some discounts on tuition, which require numerous money.

In society, everything is developed at a staggering rate. People have to figure out abundant difficulties at the same time to promote efficiency. So the issue of whether the mountains of tough things account for the little success of people is highly debatable. On the one hand, handling too many assignments can easily distract people’s concentration. On the other hand, various reasons such as a healthy life pace and appropriate plan also influence people greatly. In the ultimate analysis, I contend people can do a lot of things well even when busy.

Granted, in this society of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, people do need to do a large number of grinds in a limited time to boost efficiency so as to increase their competitiveness. It is beyond all doubt that these difficult routines, such as completing a project, negotiating with customers as well as submitting the final report to the manager or the boss, can draw away one’s attention, making it impossible to ensure the quality without which people can hard to do things well.

However, from my perspective, it is the way to cope with arduous tasks rather than the number of things that determine one’s achievement. To begin with, a healthy lifestyle is really significant, for it helps people maintain working vigour. For example, my friend always stayed up late to prepare for the final examination or the deadline of assignments. Because of the lack of sleep, he felt tired and found it hard to focus on the tasks the next day, resulting in his failure and bad performance in his study. 

Moreover, another crucial element which will influence one ‘s work is the ability to make comprehensive arrangements, which means allocating one’s time properly to solve concurrent problems. When confronted with many assignments, the first thing to do is to review the list of things and plan them in the order from high priority to low priority. Start with the most emergent one, and break the time into fragments to solve the problems at different times. It is also critical to set aside some time to snatch a little leisure between tasks in order to keep enthusiasm.

Take this case for example: with a bottle filled with cold water and raw coffee beans, how can you make yourself a cup of coffee as quickly as possible? The best plan is to prepare coffee beans while waiting for cold water to boil instead of handling the coffee beans after the water is heated up. It is a convincing example of recovering the importance of comprehensive arrangements.

Nowadays, leadership, a kind of comprehensive quality to guide one group to work efficiently, is getting more important in today’s society. The issue of whether leadership can be acquired through study is highly debatable. Some people believe one’s leadership is determined inherently while others hold the view that one can learn to be a leader. In the ultimate analysis, I contend that the ability to lead is gradually formed through learning and observation.

To begin with, leadership must be the result of knowledge accumulation in a certain field. For the success of project, the project manager has to know the industry well in order to exploit to the fullest team member’s favourable conditions and avoid unfavourable one and strike a balance between competing interests. For example, in the group, some people are experts in communication, and others have abundant knowledge reserves. The former should be sent to negotiate with the customers, while the latter ought to address the technical issue. If the manager changes their position, the process of the project is likely to be affected and lead to dissatisfaction among customers. 

Moreover, good leaders tend to be experienced and sophisticated to make appropriate decisions based on team benefits and immediately solve emergent problems. Take my father as a good example. He was in charge of an important project on intelligent factory control. The engineer found some logical problems during the factory acceptance test while the deadline was knocking at the door. My father quickly submitted the application for delayed delivery and arranged for other experts to fix the problems. Fortunately, on account of his prompt decision, the project finished on time. The ability to handle affairs in a decisive manner is formed through hundreds of practical experiences.

On top of that, a wide range of interpersonal networks, which are gradually accumulated, is also significant for a leader. By cultivating a stable and strong relationship with others, people can receive assistance from others when confronted with difficulties. In other words, an excellent social circle can remove obstacles on the way to success. In addition, more friends give you opportunities to exchange information and resources, which play critical roles in the age of information explosion.

Nowadays, people place great expectations on education since it is long regarded as one of the most paramount avenues towards a developed society, whose main goal is to pave the path to one’s career prosperity. So the issue of whether parents should prize their children for their achievement in school is highly debatable. On the one hand, money can trigger children’s motion, pushing them to spend more time on school learning. On the other hand, some believe that in this way, children will lose their original purpose and become snobbish. In the ultimate analysis, I contend it is not a wide choice for parents to pay for their children’s outstanding performances in school.

Granted, using money as a reward does have some benefits. To be specific, it can promote children’s learning efficiency. As we all know, the process of learning is inundated with dullness, such as sophisticated mathematical formulas and tough knowledge, which handicaps children’s learning passion. On the contrary, if parents give them some money, they can relieve their stress from work overload by hanging out with friends or having a great meal in a high-end restaurant. These entertainments add much spice to their daily life and help them strike a balance between work and leisure, motivating them to study harder.

However, in the long term, this measure is a curse rather than a blessing to young people’s development. First of all, it may deprive the internal drive of a child to learn. Once their parents stop offering money to them, they will soon lose interest in learning. Take my brother as a good example. When he was a senior three student, my uncle, guided by the exam-oriented education, gave him money every time he earned a good grade in the examination, pushing him to perform well in the university entrance examination. My brother did knock on the door of one of the best universities. However, after entering the university and the cease of financial reward, my brother didn’t know why he must spare no effort to learn. In other words, the original purpose of study never existed in his mind. Consequently, he was on the cliff of graduation and learned nothing during university,

Moreover, children may cultivate bad consumption habits for their lack of experience. The money reward, which is gained with little effort, teaches children with a misconception that money is easy to earn, leading to luxurious consumption. The fact is that in today’s society, people have to try their best to increase their competitiveness to get a place and get well paid. So bad consumption habits do harm to their self-development.

No doubt that teachers are one of the most important influenced persons for everyone in society. Therefore, views differ considerably when it comes to the issue of whether teachers were more appreciated and valued by society in the past than today. Some people contend that teachers nowadays have more respect and reputation by society because of their contribution, while others assert that teachers in the past were much respected and admired due to the rarity of the ratio. Both opposite arguments appear to be somewhat convincing and stand to reason. However, my personal experience and actual observation of life have led me to disagree that teachers were more appreciated and valued by society in the past than today. 

First of all, modern teachers can make more contributions to society, so teachers are more valued today than in the past. Take Taiwan as an example. Nowadays, teachers’ gifts are important for society’s economic construction. However, more attractive factors, such as exotic environments, wages, and teaching systems than in the past, attract teachers to move to another county. Hence, the relocation of teachers results in a substantial dedication drop in Taiwan. 

Nowadays, teachers need to spend more time to be qualified as educators, so they are more appreciated than the teachers in the past. Take my university teacher, Charles, as an example. He is a statistic teacher. Furthermore, because of the rules of the university, he has to be qualified by participating in numerous exams every single year. That is to say, he is adept in his field and stands the test. On the other hand, if he didn’t pass the test, he would be deprived of the qualification of a teacher. Unlike teachers in the past, they just only pass the exam when entering the university, and they can get tenured. 

Accordingly, I believe that teachers are more appreciated today. Modern students care about their education very much so as to achieve better future careers, so educators are valued a lot by people. For instance, nowadays, students want to gain more knowledge, so they prepare questions to ask teachers. Namely, teachers cannot teach the course without preparing because they face students’ challenges all the time. In other words, if they fail to answer students’ questions, they will not be trusted. Admittedly, teachers are still respected by people from the past, so it seems reasonable that teachers are as important now as before. Yet, based on the aforementioned analyses, I believe that teachers are more appreciated and valued by society today.

Workers are more satisfied when they have many different types of tasks to do during the workday than when they do similar tasks all day long. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

The issue of whether the workers will be content with diverse types of tasks is highly debatable. On the one hand, focusing on similar tasks can help people concentrate more, which is beneficial to their working efficiency. On the other hand, diverse tasks can entertain their lives, helping them take a breath from unchanging work. In the ultimate analysis, I contend it is indispensable for workers to work on various tasks.

Granted, similar tasks do have their advantages. To be specific, it contributes to one’s high working efficiency, especially for some tough work or research in which people may encounter countless obstacles and difficulties. Therefore, a high degree of concentration seems significant in solving problems. However, if workers are assigned multiple tasks, their attention will be easily distracted, which is detrimental to the whole assignment. In addition, similar tasks can enhance one’s professional skills and help one have a deep insight into their work.

However, in the long term, different types of tasks bring more benefits to workers. First of all, in this era of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, people are forced to learn as much as they can to become all-round talents and finally boost their competitiveness. Supposing they always handle similar problems in their daily life, they loss access to knowledge in other fields. For instance, production line workers only know how to assemble parts quickly. On the contrary, an electrical information engineer learns circuit design and programming language through innovating an intelligent machine. Moreover, they are also familiar with OFFICE software because they need to give a work report to their managers.

Furthermore, various tasks make people’s lives more interesting. Compared with similar tasks, varied tasks are full of challenges and mysteries, which trigger people to explore. According to a questionnaire, nearly 90% of people who complain about their work mention that the tedious tasks are the main reasons why they are dissatisfied. As we all know, interest is the best teacher of success. This is to say. Once a person has a strong interest in something, he will take the initiative to seek knowledge, explore and practice and gain pleasant and unforgettable experience in these processes. All of these pave the way to their brilliant future.

The issue of whether to learn more about the events which are less likely to have an impact on one’s daily life is highly debatable. On the one hand, gaining a profound understanding of these events enables one to view the world from a different angle, contributing greatly to one’s self-development. On the other hand, it is considered a handicap to progress because it’s sometimes time-consuming in recent hasty life rhythm society. However, in the ultimate analysis, I contend that people are supposed to learn more about the events happening around the world.

It is undeniable that people do need to spare some time to gain detailed information or commentary from experts related to these events. It seems to be time-wasting and useless against the social cognition that time is precious and needs to be spent on other things more meaningful such as expanding one’s social network, participating in various activities to take a breath from pressure and exercising. However, with the development of technology, it becomes easier for us to know what happens around the world through the media or news applications on the phone. All the latest reports and key information will be recommended to the users so it would not waste too much time to get a glimpse.

Moreover, some events around the world can broaden one’s horizon. In this era of selecting the superior and eliminating the inferior, people ought to expand their horizons in order to boost competitiveness. For example, Jack Ma, the co-founder of the Taobao website and Alipay, is inspired by the establishment of eBay, a shopping website. Ma used to be an English teacher at first, but he realized the situation of the physical store, which had to consider the pay for the high renting fee, confronted with the possibility of bankruptcy from the reports. So the foundation of eBay in the US motivated him to create the online shopping website named Taobao in China, which changed many people’s lives and brought huge success to him. If Ma had refused to know what happened around the world, Taobao would never have come to the stage.

In addition, knowing more about global events help people to make wise decisions. The political situation around the world varies rapidly and dramatically, having an underlying influence on our daily life. For example, the chaos in the Middle East brings fluctuating prices of gas, making people choose public transportation rather than private one due to the high cost of gas. The strategy of other countries also makes students who want to study abroad reconsider the countries and cities for further studying.

The issue of whether the capacity to maintain old friendships is more significant for happiness than making new friends is highly debatable. On the one hand, developing relationships with new friends will give you a different angle of the world and things, which gives you various suggestions and ways to solve problems. On the other hand, keeping in touch with friends over a long period can give you a stronger and long-lasting friendship, bringing you abundant benefits in your development. In the ultimate analysis, I contend with maintaining the relationship with my old friends.

Granted, making new friends do have some advantages. For example, so strange is the circumstance if you go abroad for further study that you will feel lonely and homesick, finding it difficult and tough to concentrate on your heavy academic tasks. Conversely, this problem will be effectively solved by making friends with some local students who can give you some suggestions and information about the city. Moreover, developing relationships with friends from different countries and regions should give you a different angle of the world, enabling you to stay calm and think twice when confronted with difficulties.

However, in the long term, an old friend plays a more vital and important role in happiness. Firstly, old friends usually show stronger loyalty than those newly-acquainted fellows. In other words, no matter what happens, these friends will always stand by your side and give you support and accompanies you spontaneously. For example, last year, when I was combatted with lung disease, I felt really stressed and torturous not only because of the pain from illness but also because I missed abundant academic courses. Fortunately, my old friend Young brought me his notes and materials to me, tutored me with intricate knowledge and told some jokes to make me pleased, accompanying me to endure the darkest time in my life. On the contrary, some of my new friends hardly came to visit me.

In addition, old friends tend to know you better since they usually have the same interests and hobbies as you. There are some tacit understandings between you and your old friends. Therefore, communication between you involving some facial expressions, body language and tradition is more effective and time-saving. For example, when I eat out with my friends, we will adopt Dutch Treatment to share the bills, which avoids some unnecessary arguments among us and make us happier.

The issue of whether governments should give financial aid to the development of the Internet or the progress of public transportation is highly debatable. On the one hand, the development of the Internet brings people abundant convenience in daily life, such as changing traditional shopping ways, providing more and more materials to us, and modifying the campus teaching methods. On the other hand, advanced public transportation can reduce the time in commute, which enables people to travel for a long distance within little time. In the ultimate analysis, I contend governments should spend more money to support public transportation.

Granted, the Internet does improve people’s life quality. For example, many search engines make more information available just with the type of some brief keywords. Moreover, some websites, including Amazon and Taobao, make online shopping prevalent. You just need to select the goods online and pay the bill. The goods you purchase will be delivered to your home in a few days. All of these make our life better and need a lot of investment. 

However, it is less possible for an internet company to suffer financial burden since they can obtain speculation and investment through selling stocks, putting some advertisements on their website as well as charging some service fees from customers and sellers. Whereas public transportation they don’t have this kind of opportunity because they are state-owned business, and its purpose is not earning money but serving people.

In addition, financial aid given to public transportation can help scientists and researchers make some technological breakthroughs. It is undeniable that technological innovation requires a lot of money and the income of scientists and researchers is not as high as businessman and other hot careers. Nowadays, fewer and fewer people tend to become a scientist because of the low salary and bad treatment. Besides, under the circumstance that the process of research is tough and difficult, they need to be prepared for a long time of hard work without results. Therefore, the situation put them into a dilemma of developing other careers or struggling with their daily expense. No matter how they choose, all these factors will bother them and make them distracted, leaving less time and energy on their research, which is a huge loss for the development of technology in public transportation. Conversely, their working enthusiasm will be triggered if more money is given to them, making it possible for some extraordinary innovation.

In this set of material, the reading passage puts forward three possible advantages of raising taxes of cigarettes and other unhealthy food whereas the listening passage argues that none of these benefits are practical and reasonable.

Firstly, it is said in the reading passage that the high taxes will drive people far away from purchasing cigarettes and unhealthy food, ensuring people’s healthy lifestyles at the same time. However, the lecture suggests the opposite. The professor says that the high taxes will force people to buy inferior cigarettes with toxic substances. As for the people addicted to junk food, they are likely to eat it as usual, which leaves them less money for healthy food. 

Secondly, the lecture states that this policy does not take the income of the wealth and the poor into consideration, which undoubtedly increases the financial burden of poor people who are indulged in smoking and eating unhealthy food. This undermines the reading’s claim that the extra taxes are used to pay for the medical costs of these people in order to maintain fairness.

Thirdly, the lecture indicates that promoting revenue will result in over-dependence on it, pushing them to make wrong decisions, such as eliminating the smoking restriction in public area. This is contrary to the argument in the passage that high taxes can increase government revenue, which could be used to build infrastructure.

Advertising is also labelled as the culprit for childhood behaviour problems. In an age of consumerism, advertisers are trying to make children believe if they buy this or that product, they will become happier. This leads children to pester their parents to buy them whatever they like. Given that most parents are always willing to satisfy the needs of their little ones, children can develop bad spending habits. They are more likely to spend irresponsibly when they come of age, a problem that may put them under financial strain or even lead to heavy debts.

University students can learn many practical skills in a part-time job or internship. Such students can gather real experience in the professional world, especially effective communication with leaders, colleagues and customers, quite different from parents and teachers. They learn the value of coordination. 
In contrast, graduates who are reluctant to participate in a part-time job find it difficult to immerse into and adapt to the office environment. As a case in point, researchers have found that many first-year students without related experience in the office hardly establish a harmonious relationships with others. Between the two extremes, I think treating animals like family members is definitely better.

An individual human existence should be like a river -- small at first, narrowly contained within its banks and rushing passionately past boulders and over waterfalls. Gradually the river grows wider, the banks recede, the waters flow more quietly, and in the end, without any visible break, they become merged in the sea and painlessly lose their individual being. 